Add well-known `actual`, `expected` fields (#12)
vfile/vfile-message: readme.md

It’s OK to store custom data directly on the `VFileMessage`, some of those are
handled by [utilities][util].

> ###### `actual`

Reviewer: Copied from what the above turn into. What do you think of those? Feel free to improve them

> You may use this to specify the actual value that’s being reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this to specify the source value that’s being reported, which is
deemed incorrect.
```

###### `expected`

> You may use this to suggest expected values that should be used instead of `actual`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this to suggest values that should be used instead of `actual`, one
or more values that are deemed as acceptable.
```
